Update deployment-azure-portal.md (#1669)
nuxt/docs: en/faq/deployment-azure-portal.md

description: How to deploy a Nuxt.js application on Azure Portal?
---

## Requirements

> - It is required that you select a backend when setting up the project. Even if you don't need it, or else the site wont start up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It is required that you select a backend when setting up the project. Even if you don't need it, or else the site won't start up.
```

> - It is required that you select a backend when setting up the project. Even if you don't need it, or else the site wont start up.

Reviewer: Is this really the case?s 🤔

Author: Yes, from my testing and experience. I was unable to fire up the default nuxt server on on my Azure Web Service.

- The server is running Node 8 or greater

## What if I already have a project without an backend?
No worries. It is easy to add an express server to an existing project.

> Download the index.js file from this gist: https://gist.github.com/dasmikko/bef743ad4400f8b1c1c8c6e494f081d6 and place it inside a folder called `server` in the root of your project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following index.js file and place it inside a folder called `server` in the root of your project.
```

Could you add the index.js directly in the MD file?

```js
/**
* Place this file inside the "/server" folder in the root project
*/
const express = require('express')
const consola = require('consola')
const { Nuxt, Builder } = require('nuxt')
const app = express()

// Import and Set Nuxt.js options
const config = require('../nuxt.config.js')
config.dev = process.env.NODE_ENV !== 'production'

async function start () {
  // Init Nuxt.js
  const nuxt = new Nuxt(config)

  const { host, port } = nuxt.options.server

  // Build only in dev mode
  if (config.dev) {
    const builder = new Builder(nuxt)
    await builder.build()
  } else {
    await nuxt.ready()
  }

  // Give nuxt middleware to express
  app.use(nuxt.render)

  // Listen the server
  app.listen(port, host)
  consola.ready({
    message: `Server listening on http://${host}:${port}`,
    badge: true
  })
}
start()
```

Author: It's inside it now.

> Then edit your nuxt.config.js, like so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then edit your nuxt.config.js:
```
